---
published: true
title: Ehsaas
layout: post
---
I had seen women around me before, managing their kids, cuddling them , Caressing them, spoiling them  , scolding them . I had seen my friends talk Hours together about how their child doesn’t eat or sleep well.  Begin extra careful about the smallest thing like the food they eat, what time they eat  , if their utensils are clean enough to serve them food. 

I wondered, What’s the big deal? Why are these women so uptight? Why can’t give the child a break.

But realized it soon enough, the moment motherhood hit me. The day I was held her  in arms, I realised how small and tiny the baby was.  And couldn’t believe, I had created it . Just a while ago she was a foetus(as doctors referred her  ) I was carrying inside me. And now she was out in the world.

 When I saw her struggling the light that was hitting her eyes, I almost screamed “please shut that light off someone. She is not comfortable”. And that was a moment realization. I said silently to myself “welcome to the world of hyper moms”.  You know , what you are doing is exaggerated.. But you just can’t stop doing it. That time I thought these feelings are so natural. When you hold  Tini- tiny baby in your hand you just feel that you are some superwoman protecting you child from evils of the world...

"Ohh pls be careful with head.""Aahh… did you wash your hand." Oh I can’t eat this I am feeding her. This will cause gastric problems later to her. Ohh don’t do that , she’ll get cranky or it’s her sleeping time.

Suddenly, my friends aren’t important anymore or for that matter my husband. My world has shrunk to this little angel. Who is smiling at me while am writing this.

While I used to be alone with her … I used to laugh at myself and ask her “what have you turned me into”. And I used see her smile back … as if telling me “that was my secret plan”.

OH I lOVE HER. I love her so much that at times I think I will die of happiness. She has given me a title, that even the most beautiful women after winning, Miss Universe crown, wishes to earn. A title to be called a “mom”.

Am waiting for the time when we can share a laugh and a have secret language of our own. When she would help me redo my wardrobe. I am thankful to god, to have given me a daughter , a friend for lifetime.

With every passing day, her affection shines through .Making me feel proud of the fact that she is a part of me.

